 The dice rolling game presented with the source code as above was made within 48 hours, having no prior knowledge of javascript, but only html and CSS. I learnt almost the entire basics of javascript within the 48 hours and was able to execute this simple game implying differnet animations as requested by the question given on my IEEE domain page. The code starts with the html elements, followed by the meta element, defining data of data, followed by CSS language, which beautifies each class with margins, borders, heights, etc. The two keyframes model mentioned are then used to create animations which are performed when the prediction matches the output or not. the % depicts the time at which the transformation has to take place and at which position, thus implying the animations in different conditions. The output screen displays the two dices, and a prompt to enter the prediction when clicked on one dice. The dice is then rotated randomly and puts out a number, which then matches the prediction entered. I have also declared two variables c1 and c2 which describe the amount of times the prediction is correct for the input entered by the user. the variable predictedNumber stores the number entered by the user. The rollDice() function returns a ranodm number between 1 to 6 which is to be displayed on the dice. Thus, with the appropiate return/call/design statements, I have been able to create this simple website. It might not be very elegant, but it was the best I could do considering I had to learn javascript from the scratch and make this project within 48 hours.
